docs: update taiko branding guide (#8820)
taikoxyz/taiko-mono: packages/branding/README.md

> # Taiko Brand Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Taiko brand guide
```
ref: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization
also, to make it more actionable

This package contains all the branding assets for Taiko. 

Included: Logos, Logotypes, Backgrounds, Backdrops and Mockups.

## Naming

> For naming, we use Taiko or Taiko Labs. For our social media handle, we refer to Taiko with `taikoxyz`, which is where you can find us (ie. twitter: [@taikoxyz](https://twitter.com/taikoxyz), github: [@taikoxyz](https://github.com/taikoxyz)). Please maintain this convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Taiko` or `Taiko Labs` for the name.

Use `taikoxyz` for the social handle (e.g., Twitter: [@taikoxyz](https://twitter.com/taikoxyz), GitHub: [@taikoxyz](https://github.com/taikoxyz)).
```
ref: (active voice) https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/global-communications/writing-tips
ref: (don't use we) https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/w/we

## Logos

> Downloabable vector assets of the Taiko logo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download vector assets of the Taiko logo:
```
use actionable phrase

<img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Logo_Fluo.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Token_Fluo-on-Black.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Token_White-on-Black.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Logo_White-on-Fluo.svg" width="75px">

[Browse Logos](https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/tree/main/packages/branding/Logo)

> Please use SVG or PNG wherever possible, as the image quality is better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use SVG or crushed PNG wherever possible for improved image quality and performance.
```
nitpick

## Logotypes

> Downloabable vector assets of the Taiko logotype:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download vector assets of the Taiko logotype:
```
use actionable phrase

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<a href="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logotype/SVG/Taiko_Logotype_Horiz_1_Fluo_Black.svg"><img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logotype/JPG/Taiko_Logotype_Horiz_1_Fluo_Black.jpg" width="75px"></a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logotype/SVG/Taiko_Logotype_Horiz_2_Fluo_White.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logotype/SVG/Taiko_Logotype_Square_Fluo_White.svg" width="75px">

[Browse Logotypes](https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/tree/main/packages/branding/Logotype)

## Fonts

Taiko uses Oxanium as the global font across its identity. The font is licensed under the [Open Font License](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL). Its specimen and font family can be accessed at: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Oxanium

## Colors

> We use these primary colors and their shades across our brand and products.
> 
> Fluo <code>#fc0fc0</code>  
> Black <code>#000000</code>    
> White <code>#ffffff</code>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primary colors and shades:
| Color | Hex code  |
|-------|-----------|
| Fluo  | `#fc0fc0` |
| Black | `#000000` |
| White | `#ffffff` |
```

# Taiko Brand Resources

This package contains all the branding assets for Taiko. 

Included: Logos, Logotypes, Backgrounds, Backdrops and Mockups.

## Naming

For naming, we use Taiko or Taiko Labs. For our social media handle, we refer to Taiko with `taikoxyz`, which is where you can find us (ie. twitter: [@taikoxyz](https://twitter.com/taikoxyz), github: [@taikoxyz](https://github.com/taikoxyz)). Please maintain this convention.

## Logos

Downloabable vector assets of the Taiko logo:

> <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Token_Fluo-on-Black.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Token_White-on-Black.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logo/SVG/Taiko_Logo_White-on-Fluo.svg" width="75px">

Author: Included primary logo in the preview.

[Browse Logos](https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/tree/main/packages/branding/Logo)

Please use SVG or PNG wherever possible, as the image quality is better.

## Logotypes

Downloabable vector assets of the Taiko logotype:

> <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logotype/SVG/Taiko_Logotype_Horiz_2_Fluo_White.svg" width="75px"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/blob/main/packages/branding/Logotype/SVG/Taiko_Logotype_Square_Fluo_White.svg" width="75px">

Author: Included primary logo in the preview.

[Browse Logotypes](https://github.com/taikoxyz/taiko-mono/tree/main/packages/branding/Logotype)

## Fonts

Taiko uses Oxanium as the global font across its identity. The font is licensed under the [Open Font License](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL). Its specimen and font family can be accessed at: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Oxanium

## Colors

We use these primary colors and their shades across our brand and products.

Fluo <code>#fc0fc0</code>  
Black <code>#000000</code>    

> Navy <code>#000018</code>    

Author: Removed navy from the preview and updated brandbook pdf file with this change.
